Docs: note on quoted field references (#12801)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/field-reference.asciidoc

  ;

[float]

> NOTE: In Logstash 7.x and older `["foo"]` is considered a field reference and isn't treated as a single element array.
> This might cause confusion in conditional e.g `[message] in ["foo", "bar"]` vs `[message] in ["foo"]`.
> We do not recommend using names with quotes such as `"\"foo\""` since the `["foo"]` behavior might change in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In Logstash 7.x and earlier, a quoted value (such as `["foo"]`) is
considered a field reference and isn't treated as a single element array. This
behavior might cause confusion in conditionals, such as `[message] in ["foo",
"bar"]` compared to `[message] in ["foo"]`. We discourage using names with
quotes, such as `"\"foo\""`, as this behavior might change in the future.
```
